# Setup

## Installation

Python operates best when you're using a virtual environment or *virtualenv*.
The good news is that once you've got a virtualenv working, everyone's on the
same level.  The bad news is that actually *setting up* a virtualenv varies
between platforms.

### Python

#### Linux/BSD

On a Free operating system, getting this stuff working should be easy.  Simply
install Python however you would normally do so.  If your OS allows for Python3,
then use that, otherwise we'll just have to make do with 2.7.

When that's done, skip down to "Creating Your Virtualenv":

#### Mac

Your mac might already have a copy of Python, and if that version is 2.7 or
higher, you should be alright.  If not, you'll need to install
[Homebrew](http://brew.sh/), and then use that to install Python.  There are
instructions on their site, but the gist is `brew install python3`.

#### Windows

Windows users need to do things the old-fashioned way and visit
[Python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/) to download the latest
copy of Python.  When the download is finished, double-click the downloaded file
and while in the wizard **take special care** to check the box that asks if pip
should be included in the `PATH`.  This is a good idea, so do that.

Once that's finished, open up a shell by going to `Start > Run` and typing in
`cmd`.  Then type `pip install virtualenv`.  This will install the virtualenv
program we need for the next step.

### Creating Your Virtualenv

We need to create a virtualenv, and for our purposes, we'll call it
"virtualenv" :-)

#### Linux/BSD/Mac

For Python 3:

```bash
cd /path/to/my/workspace
virtualenv --python=$(which python3) virtualenv
. virtualenv/bin/activate
```

For Python 2:

```bash
cd /path/to/my/workspace
virtualenv --python=$(which python2) virtualenv
. virtualenv/bin/activate
```

#### Windows

```
cd C:\path\to\my\workspace
virtualenv virtualenv
virtualenv\Scripts\activate.bat
```

Now you're ready to play with Python.  Skip down to "Basics" below.

## Basics

Activating your virtualenv basically does one thing: it reorganises your
environment variables to know that when we want to do Python things, we need to
look to our virtualenv for modules and not the system directories.  Why would we
do this?

* Because if we screw something up, we can just blow everything away and start
  again without having damaged the system
* Because it isolates the changes to our environment to our project alone.  This
  way, we could have ten projects, all with conflicting packages and versions,
  running in parallel, never interacting with each other

Now that you've got a working environment, you should install a few basic
packages for our purposes:

### IPython

It's a Python shell that will let you explore the inner workings of the objects
you'll be playing with today.  It does tab-completion on the command line, and
in the notebook interface, you can save snippets for later and experiment.

```bash
pip install ipython[notebook]
```

### Django

It's why we're here.  You install it with pip, just like everything else.

```bash
pip install Django
```
