We're going to create our first Python class, and we'll be using it to define
the nature and abilities of people.

* Create a class called `Person` that subclasses Python's `object` primitive.
    * Give that class a property called `name`
    * Give that class a property called `city`
    * Both of these properties should be defined in the class' `__init__`
      method and this method should allow people to pass arguments to it
      that would then be assigned to `name` and `city`.
    * Define the `__str__` method on this class to return the name of the
      person and the name of their city in a simple sentence.
* Create another class called `Hacker` that subclasses our `Person` class.
    * Give this new class a property called `kungfoo`
    * Give this new class a property called `skill_level`
    * Both of these properties should be defined in the class' `__init__`
      method and this method should allow people to pass arguments to it
      that would then be assigned to `kungfoo` and `skill_level`.
    * Remember that you need to assign `name` and `city` as well
* Create another class called `Chef` that subclasses our `Person` class.
    * Give this new class a property called `specialties`
    * Give this new class a property called `skill_level`
    * Both of these properties should be defined in the class' `__init__`
      method and this method should allow people to pass arguments to it
      that would then be assigned to `specialties` and `skill_level`.
    * Remember that you need to assign `name` and `city` as well

Once your classes are created, experiment with what you can do with them. All
of the following should be possible:

```python
sarah = Hacker(
    name="Sarah",
    city="Vancouver",
    kungfoo=["Python", "PHP"],
    skill_level=10
)
stephen = Chef(
    name="Stephen",
    city="Toronto",
    specialties=["cakes", "pies"],
    skill_level=7
)
kim = Person(name="Kim", city="Seoul")

print(sarah.city)              # "Vancouver"
print(stephen.specialties)     # ["cakes", "pies"]
print(stephen.specialties[0])  # "cakes"
print(kim.name)                # "Kim"
print(kim)                     # "Kim lives in Seoul"
kim.city = "Montréal"          # Moves Kim to a new city
print(kim)                     # "Kim lives in Montréal"
print(type(kim))               # <class '__main__.Person'>
print(type(sarah))             # <class '__main__.Hacker'>
```

If you haven't tried out iPython yet, this would be a great time to start:

    $ pip install ipython
    $ ipython
    In [1]: from my_classes import Person, Hacker, Chef

Once you've got the above working, experiment with the capabilities of
objects.

* Try defining `Skill` as an object too, and assigning `Skill` objects to
  `Hacker` and `Chef` objects.
* Try creating a `SkilledPerson` class that subclasses `Person`, which you
  then use to subclass into `Hacker` and `Person`.
* Try adding methods to your classes that do things like `get_random_skill()`
  or `increase_skill_level(increment)`.
